# phac-nml/staramrnf: Output

## Introduction

This document describes the output produced by the pipeline.

The directories listed below will be created in the `<OUTDIR>` directory after the pipeline has finished. All paths are relative to the top-level results directory.

```
.
├── csvtk
├── pipeline_info
└── staramr
```

The IRIDA Next-compliant JSON output file will be named `iridanext.output.json.gz` and will be written to the top-level of the results directory. This file is compressed using GZIP and conforms to the [IRIDA Next JSON output specifications](https://github.com/phac-nml/pipeline-standards#42-irida-next-json).

## Pipeline overview

The pipeline is built using [Nextflow](https://www.nextflow.io/) and processes data using the following steps:

- [AMR Bacterial Scans](#amr-bacterial-scans) - Scans bacterial genome contigs against the ResFinder, PointFinder, and PlasmidFinder databases and compiles a summary report of detected antimicrobial resistance genes.
- [Pipeline information](#pipeline-information) - Report metrics generated during the workflow execution

### AMR Bacterial Scans

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `staramr/`
  - StarAMR search results for each sample:
    - `sample_detailed_summary.staramr.tsv`
    - `sample_mlst.staramr.tsv`
    - `sample_plasmidfinder.staramr.tsv`
    - `sample_pointfinder.staramr.tsv` (Pointfinder organisms)
    - `sample_resfinder.staramr.tsv`
    - `sample_results.staramr.xlsx`
    - `sample_settings.staramr.txt`
    - `sample_summary.staramr.tsv`
- `csvtk/`
  - Combine results from all samples into a single report
    - `merged_detailed_summary.staramr.tsv`
    - `merged_mlst.staramr.tsv`
    - `merged_plasmidfinder.staramr.tsv`
    - `merged_pointfinder.staramr.tsv` (Pointfinder organisms)
    - `merged_resfinder.staramr.tsv`
    - `merged_summary.staramr.tsv`

</details>

### Pipeline information

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `pipeline_info/`
  - Reports generated by Nextflow: `execution_report.html`, `execution_timeline.html`, `execution_trace.txt` and `pipeline_dag.dot`/`pipeline_dag.svg`.
  - Reports generated by the pipeline: `pipeline_report.html`, `pipeline_report.txt` and `software_versions.yml`. The `pipeline_report*` files will only be present if the `--email` / `--email_on_fail` parameter's are used when running the pipeline.
  - Reformatted samplesheet files used as input to the pipeline: `samplesheet.valid.csv`.
  - Parameters used by the pipeline run: `params.json`.

</details>

[Nextflow](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/tracing.html) provides excellent functionality for generating various reports relevant to the running and execution of the pipeline. This will allow you to troubleshoot errors with the running of the pipeline, and also provide you with other information such as launch commands, run times and resource usage.
